# Board meeting on 2017-07-06

The board meeting was held at The White Cross pub.  No LAMM money was spent in
the production of the meeting or minutes.

Present

* Tom Bloor (tb)
* Claire Jackson (clj)
* Mark Keating (mdk)
* Kay Kempers (kk) (chair)
* Ian Norton (idn) (secretary)

# Apologies

All board members present, no apologies received.

# The purpose of this meeting

The purpose of this meeting is to conduct the legal affairs of LAMM.

Items discussed within this meeting include legal, financial and code of
conduct related matters that very specifically should not be generally
discussed.

General discussion should be carried out after the main agenda items have
been dealt with under the proviso that these things do not bypass
discussion with the membership after the meeting.

# Minutes from previous meeting

https://github.com/lammspace/documentation/blob/master/board-minutes/minutes-2017-04-20.md

# Actions arising from previous minutes not covered elsewhere

## Bank Account

All paperwork has been returned to the bank to add Kay.

No further action required.

## Red, Amber, Green Tool Rankings

Dangerous tools (chop saw & general safety rules. Proposals for Red,
Amber and Green safety ratings need writing up.

**mdk**

## Equipment maintenance docs and training

Training sessions for equipment (3d printers, Laser, Chopsaw, etc) Who
should train/how do we get more trainers (laser for example)

Training for equipment maintenance
Planned equipment maintenance & records (and documentation of process)

This still needs writing up.

Could we have a publically available list of trainers for each tool?
All of this should be online somewhere for people to know.

Posters for laser and 3d printer, trainers and signed off people have been
completed.

**idn**

# Board agenda

## Membership

Membership numbers were not up to date for the meeting so current total is
unknown.

### New members

* No new members were discussed.

## Finances

Accounts? idn isn't getting any response from the accountants, **mdk**
will talk to Andrew.

## Code of conduct

* Have there been any complaints received?

No complaints received.

* Any other incidents that the board should be aware of?

Nope.

* Is the CoC still fit for purpose?

It was agreed that no discussion of it needed to happen at this time.

# Board discussion items.

‘’These items must be discussed by the board.’’

## Access for members

Cameras have happened. Access control still ongoing.

Reader is installed but not working well. Cards are expected to work
better than keyfobs.

The Pi needs wiring up to the lock mechanism, cards programming and then
handing out. Needs an hour or two in the space to finish up.

**tb** is dealing with this

Onboarding new members? Grace period for new members before unattended
access?

**idn** circulate ideas on how we introduce new members for access?

## Insurance

kk talked to the insurance people and got us a quote of £350 a year.

The questions raised were:

* Single item insurance?
* Accidental damage cover?

Public liability and general contents were the things quoted on.

Hold over until the next meeting. There's some issues with the hackspace
foundation are resulting in delays getting quotes through.

If we don't have quotes sorted out by the next board meeting, we should
persue public liability.

## Sponsorship

What do we need for 2017 events:

* Fun Palace - 2017-10-07 & 2017-10-08

Need to engage with the membership for ideas for Fun Palace.

* Light Up Lancaster - 1st weekend in November?

Double pendulum with photoluminescent paint and an IR LED.

Who can we tap up for sponsorship of these events?

**mdk** to call for ideas for Fun Palace.

Sponsorship posts have all been moved over to the new site. We need a post
to promote our sponsors.

**tb** to blog about our awesome sponsors

# General discussion.

These items shall be discussed but would benefit from membership engagement.

## Events.

Events we attend need to engage the membership. If the membership are not
engaged then we should question if we should attend.

* Fun Palace - 7th & 8th of October 2017.
* Light Up Lancaster - 3rd & 4th of November 2017.

Announce events on the website and pin a post in telegram.

Nearer the bigger events we need to sign up people for time slots.

# AOB

## GDPR

clj asked about GDPR following the recent training event hosted at White
Cross. idn assured clj that we would look to implement the new membership
management system with the GDPR in mind and provide a plan to the board
for review before implementation.

**tb** & **idn** to arrange discussion and plan.

# Date of next meeting

07th September 2017, 18:30 venue to be confirmed to be chaired by **mdk**
with minutes by **kk**
